标题: Soil Mechanics
发布日期: 2020-10-23
浏览次数: 187.0
正文内容:
课程名称：Soil Mechanics
主讲教师：Hongjian Liao
所在学院：School of Human Settlements and Civil Engineering
课程团队：Li Hangzhou
上线平台：爱课程学堂在线

Welcome to our “Soil Mechanics” class.
Brief Introduction
Soil mechanics is a core professional basic course, which is a compulsory course for undergraduates majoring in civil engineering, and is also a professional basic course for many disciplines closely related to infrastructure construction, such as traffic engineering, water conservancy engineering, mining engineering, marine engineering, etc. The online course of soil mechanics is clear, illustrated and practical. Each chapter is designed with guideline and summary, so that students can fully understand the learning ideas, key points and difficulties of this chapter. Each chapter is attached with Chinese and English professional vocabulary, so as to promote students to review and consolidate their knowledge they have learned. There are various test questions to enable students to achieve the combination of learning and practice. It is equipped with the English textbook of soil mechanics edited by Professor Liao Hongjian and published by Xi'an Jiaotong University Press.
According to the training requirements of civil engineering specialty, this course not only pays attention to the systematic study of the basic theory and knowledge of the subject, but also pays focus on keeping pace with the times to cultivate the comprehensive ability of students to solve complex engineering problems. The characteristics of the course are:
1) Soil mechanics is a branch of Engineering Mechanics and an applied basic discipline, which uses mechanics and geotechnical test technology to study the engineering properties of soil, as well as the stress, strain, strength and stability of soil under the action of load, water and temperature.
2) Soil mechanics is an important professional basic course of civil engineering, construction, transportation, water conservancy, mining and geological engineering, which has a wide audience and plays an important role in the study of students and the reference of social professional engineers.
3) Soil mechanics is a very practical engineering technology science, which is closely related to human activities. In engineering construction, the theory and method of soil mechanics should be applied to solve the problems of building ground, embankment, tunnel, subway and slope stability.