标题: 【西安市人民政府网站】Program boosts innovation for cultural,tourism endeavors世界城地组织地方行动港短期培训项目“青年文化旅游创新发展交流会”在西安交大召开
发布日期: 日期：2022-12-06 08:57
浏览次数: 1223
正文内容:
A training program – entitled Embrace the Future: Youth Program on Innovation for Tourism and Cultural Endeavors – was held in Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi province, on Nov 29.
The event was jointly hosted by the Xi'an municipal government, the World Organization of United Cities and Local Governments (UCLG), as well as UCLG Asia Pacific (ASPAC), Xi'an Jiaotong University and the UCLG ASPAC Tourism Committee.

The training program is held in Xi'an on Nov 29.
The training program ran for two days, with the goal of promoting the localization of the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development.
Relying on Xi'an's rich educational and cultural tourism resources, it shared local government tourism industry governance and development experience and aimed to make a contribution to the revitalization and prosperity of the world's tourism industry.
Xi'an Deputy Mayor Xiao Qi told the launch ceremony that the city had a profound historical and cultural background which had naturally led to developing its cultural tourism.

Xi'an Deputy Mayor Xiao Qi shares her thoughts at the event.
She added that the UCLG ASPAC Tourism Committee – initiated by Xi'an – has grown continuously since its establishment last year and has gradually become an important platform for cultural tourism exchanges and cooperation among member cities.
Xiao urged all cities to make the training program an opportunity to share new concepts and measures for the innovative development of cultural tourism and to jointly promote the development and recovery of the global cultural tourism industry.
UCLG ASPAC secretary general Bernadia Irawati Tjandradewi said the training program initiated by Xi'an has provided a learning and exchange platform for cultural and tourism practitioners from local and regional governments around the world. She added that it has brought unlimited potential for the innovative development of the tourism industry.

Bernadia Irawati Tjandradewi, secretary general of the UCLG ASPAC, gives a speech via video link.
文章刊载于2022年12月5日西安市人民政府网站
报道链接：http://en.xa.gov.cn/news/4798.htm